[Doc] Clarify incompatibility of SaveButton of type='button' with custom Form's onSubmit (#8286)
marmelab/react-admin: docs/EditTutorial.md

};
```

> React-admin proposes alternative form layouts ([`<TabbedForm>`](./TabbedForm.md), [`<AccordionForm>`](./AccordionForm.md), [`<WizardForm>`](./WizardForm.md), [`<CreateDialog>, <EditDialog> & <ShowDialog>`](https://marmelab.com/ra-enterprise/modules/ra-form-layout#createdialog-editdialog--showdialog) as well as a headless [`<LongForm>`](./LongForm.md) component.

Reviewer: Form is headless, LongForm isn't. I don't know why you changed that?

);
```

> **Important**: Having a `SaveButton` of type="button" prevents a custom `onSubmit` prop passed to your form from being called, you should pass an `onClick` handler to the `SaveButton` instead.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Important**: By default, `SaveButton` with type="button" will save the form using the `SaveContext` (which is automatically provided by `Edit` or `Create`). If you have set a custom `onSubmit` prop on your `Form`, it won't be called. Instead, you should pass an `onClick` handler to the `SaveButton` to call your function instead of the default save function.
```

> **Important**: By default, `SaveButton` with type="button" will save the form using the `SaveContext` (which is automatically provided by `Edit` or `Create`). If you have set a custom `onSubmit` prop on your `Form`, it won't be called. Instead, you should pass an `onClick` handler to the `SaveButton` to call your function instead of the default save function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Tip**: `<SaveButton type="button">` does not take into account a custom `onSubmit` prop passed to the enclosing `<Form>`. If you need to override the default submit callback for a `<SaveButton type="button">`, you should include an `onClick` prop in the button.
```

```jsx
const MyToolbar = () => {
    const [update] = useUpdate();
    const { getValues } = useFormContext();
    const redirect = useRedirect();

    const handleClick = e => {
        e.preventDefault(); // necessary to prevent default SaveButton submit logic
        const { id, ...data } = getValues();
        update(
            'posts',
            { id, data },
            { onSuccess: () => { redirect('list'); }}
        );
    };

    return (
        <Toolbar>
            <SaveButton type="button" onClick={handleClick} />
            <DeleteButton />
        </Toolbar>
    );
};

export const PostEdit = () => {

>     return (

Reviewer: use the `=> ()` syntax to reduce padding
